                                                                                     LIBERAL                                                                                      
  SHORT        A liberal is someone on the left wing of politics — the opposite of a conservative. Also, a liberal attitude toward anything means more tolerance for change.
  LONG         There are many meanings for liberal, but they mostly have to do with freedom and openness to change. A teacher with a liberal policy toward attendance is
               going to be forgiving of missed days. A bank with a liberal attitude toward your money would probably be bad: some things are awful if they're
               loose and free. But no one will give you a hard time if you use a liberal amount of catsup on your fries.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         The aberrations of the late pontiff, a liberal in the mode of Pope Francis, came during his final days of life.
     >         They remain mostly liberal and largely made up of the same elites who couldn’t imagine Mr. Trump winning the nomination, let alone the presidency.
     >         In recent years, an unlikely coalition of conservatives and liberals had made some progress in weakening this system, going after policies like mandatory
               sentences.
     >         She was good at remembering movies and as she’d lived in some of the more liberal homes, she’d seen more than I had.
     >         With a population that included Jews and other educated seasonal residents, Miami was oddly both Southern and Northern liberal.

 1   Willing To Respect Or Accept Behaviour Or Opinions Different From One'S Own; Open To New Ideas.
	 Eg.  "Liberal Views Towards Divorce"

 2   Favourable To Or Respectful Of Individual Rights And Freedoms.
	 Eg.  "Liberal Citizenship Laws"
	 Eg.  "The Values Of A Liberal Society"
	 Synonyms:  tolerant , unprejudiced , broad-minded , open-minded , enlightened , 
	 Antonyms:  narrow-minded , bigoted , 

 3   (In A Political Context) Favouring Individual Liberty, Free Trade, And Moderate Political And Social Reform.
	 Eg.  "A Liberal Democratic State"
	 Eg.  "He Launched A Liberal Social Agenda"
	 Synonyms:  progressive , advanced , modern , forward-looking , go-ahead , 
	 Antonyms:  conservative , reactionary , 

 4   Relating To Liberals Or A Liberal Party, Especially (In The Uk) Relating To The Liberal Democrat Party.
	 Eg.  Adjective: Liberal
	 Eg.  "The Liberal Leader"

 5   Regarding Many Traditional Beliefs As Dispensable, Invalidated By Modern Thought, Or Liable To Change.

 6   (Of Education) Concerned With Broadening A Person'S General Knowledge And Experience, Rather Than With Technical Or Professional Training.
	 Eg.  "The Provision Of Liberal Adult Education"
	 Eg.  "The Provision Of Liberal Adult Education"
	 Synonyms:  wide-ranging , broad-based , general , 

 7   (Especially Of An Interpretation Of A Law) Broadly Construed Or Understood; Not Strictly Literal.
	 Eg.  "They Could Have Given The 1968 Act A More Liberal Interpretation"
	 Eg.  "A Liberal Interpretation Of Divorce Laws"
	 Synonyms:  flexible , broad , loose , rough , non-restrictive , 
	 Antonyms:  strict , 

 8   Given, Used, Or Occurring In Generous Amounts.
	 Eg.  "Liberal Amounts Of Wine Had Been Consumed"
	 Eg.  "Liberal Coatings Of Paint"
	 Synonyms:  abundant , copious , ample , plentiful , generous , 
	 Antonyms:  scant , 

 9   (Of A Person) Giving Generously.
	 Eg.  "Sam Was Too Liberal With The Wine"
	 Eg.  "They Had Been Liberal With Their Cash"
	 Synonyms:  generous , magnanimous , open-handed , unsparing , unstinting , 
	 Antonyms:  miserly , careful , 
