                                                                                      SCRAP                                                                                       
  SHORT        A scrap is a little leftover bit of something. You might jot down notes on a scrap of paper, or you might toss a scrap of food to your happy dog.
  LONG         A scrap is typically a small item that originally was part of something larger, like a scrap of fabric that was once part of a larger piece. Scrap can also
               describe something that’s no longer useful. For example, you might take scrap metal to the recycling center. Scrap also has a verb form that
               means "discard." When you scrap your plan to move to the Bahamas, that means you’re abandoning the plan.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         Most of the scraps remained in Amherst’s archive, curiosities sought out by tenacious Dickinson scholars but unknown to the public at large.
     >         The report called for the incentives and earned privileges scheme in prisons to be scrapped, saying it was having a "detrimental impact" on inmates'
               wellbeing.
     >         Teams tend to live off scraps against Celtic in domestic competition, so when an opponent gets a chance, they'd better take it.
     >         There were crossings out and rewritings, marginalia, diagrams and doodles, cover notes and Post-it notes and extra scraps tucked into the envelopes.
     >         We can kick the can for a while. But, just past the short run, Metro will have to be scrapped.

 1   A Small Piece Or Amount Of Something, Especially One That Is Left Over After The Greater Part Has Been Used.
	 Eg.  "I Scribbled Her Address On A Scrap Of Paper"
	 Eg.  "He Scribbled Pamela'S Address On A Scrap Of Paper"
	 Eg.  "There Wasn'T A Scrap Of Evidence To Link Him With The Body"
	 Synonyms:  fragment , piece , bit , offcut , oddment , 

 2   Bits Of Uneaten Food Left After A Meal.
	 Eg.  "He Filled Sammy'S Bowls With Fresh Water And Scraps"
	 Eg.  "Between Jobs He Slept Rough And Lived On Scraps"
	 Synonyms:  leavings , crumbs , dregs , offscourings , remains , 

 3   Used To Emphasize The Lack Or Smallness Of Something.
	 Eg.  "There Was Not A Scrap Of Aggression In Him"

 4   A Particularly Small Thing Of Its Kind.
	 Eg.  "She Was Wearing A Short Black Skirt And A Tiny Scrap Of A Top"

 5   Discarded Metal For Reprocessing.
	 Eg.  "The Steamer Was Eventually Sold For Scrap"

 6   Any Waste Articles Or Discarded Material.
	 Eg.  "We'Re Burning Scrap Lumber"
	 Eg.  "The Whole Thing Was Made From Bits Of Scrap"
	 Synonyms:  waste , refuse , garbage , rubbish , litter , 

 7   Discard Or Remove From Service (A Redundant, Old, Or Inoperative Vehicle, Vessel, Or Machine), Especially So As To Convert It To Scrap Metal.
	 Eg.  "A Bold Decision Was Taken To Scrap Existing Plant"
	 Eg.  "The Government Intended To Scrap Sixty-Two Naval Ships"
	 Synonyms:  discard , remove , lose , eliminate , dump , 
	 Antonyms:  keep , preserve , 

 8   Abolish Or Cancel (A Plan, Policy, Or Law).
	 Eg.  "He Supports The Idea That Road Tax Should Be Scrapped"
	 Eg.  "Campaigners Are Calling For The Plans To Be Scrapped"
	 Synonyms:  abandon , drop , abolish , withdraw , stop , 
	 Antonyms:  keep , restore , 

 9   A Fight Or Quarrel, Especially A Minor Or Spontaneous One.
	 Eg.  "They Were Involved In A Goalmouth Scrap And A Player Was Sent Off"
	 Eg.  "He Would Always Win A Scrap With Stephen"
	 Synonyms:  quarrel , argument , row , fight , disagreement , 
