                                                                                      SEVERE                                                                                      
  SHORT        Whether you're talking about a punishment, the weather, or how bad your flu is, severe indicates that it's at the limit of the spectrum.
  LONG         The austerity of a word like severe serves many purposes. The common usage is to describe tough or painful stuff, like icy snowstorms, merciless punishments,
               or grim conditions (i.e., a severe depression). If things are severe, they're serious. Severe could also describe a person's haircut if it's
               brutally short and angular, or their wardrobe if it tends to be all black with no flourishes.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         She was regularly rushed to hospital with severe attacks - and just going out on a cold winter's day was difficult.
     >         The pressure calms Anas from uncontrollable excitement often associated with severe autism - a disorder he was diagnosed with shortly after his first
               birthday.
     >         Moreover, the frequency of severe errors decreased with age.
     >         Her mother, who police believe stumbled upon the intruder, was later taken to hospital with severe facial injuries.
     >         Infighting between them prompted severe bouts of political and economic instability.

 1   (Of Something Bad Or Undesirable) Very Great; Intense.
	 Eg.  "A Severe Shortage Of Technicians"
	 Eg.  "Severe Shortages Of Basic Foodstuffs"
	 Eg.  "The Severe Storms Which Battered Orkney This Year"
	 Eg.  "Maria Complained Of A Severe Headache"
	 Synonyms:  acute , serious , grave , critical , dire , 
	 Antonyms:  minor , negligible , gentle , slight , 

 2   Demanding Great Ability, Skill, Or Resilience.
	 Eg.  "A Severe Test Of Stamina"
	 Eg.  "Their Traumatic Experiences Meant That The Further Five-Mile Walk Would Be A Severe Test Of Their Remaining Stamina"
	 Synonyms:  demanding , hard , tough , arduous , formidable , 
	 Antonyms:  easy , simple , 

 3   (Of Punishment Of A Person) Strict Or Harsh.
	 Eg.  "The Charges Would Have Warranted A Severe Sentence"
	 Eg.  "It Was An Exceptionally Severe Winter"
	 Eg.  "The Government'S Economic Policies Came In For Severe Criticism"
	 Eg.  "A Campaign Against Severe Tax Penalties"
	 Eg.  "Army Service Offered Poor Living Conditions, Low Pay, And Severe Discipline"
	 Synonyms:  harsh , hard , bitter , cold , bleak , 
	 Antonyms:  mild , lenient , lax , 

 4   (Of A Person) Formal And Unsmiling.
	 Eg.  "His Severe Expression Softened"
	 Synonyms:  stern , dour , grim , grim-faced , forbidding , 
	 Antonyms:  genial , friendly , 

 5   Very Plain In Style Or Appearance.
	 Eg.  "She Wore Another Severe Suit, Grey This Time"
	 Eg.  "The Severe Style Of Early Classical Greek Architecture"
	 Synonyms:  plain , simple , restrained , unadorned , undecorated , 
	 Antonyms:  ornate , fancy , 
