                                                                                      SHRINK                                                                                      
  SHORT        Shrink is the informal word you can use to talk about a therapist. Talking about your problems with her can hopefully help you shrink them, or make them
               smaller.
  LONG         The word shrink is related to the Swedish skrynka meaning "to wrinkle." Think about what happens to a lone forgotten fruit at the bottom of your fridge
               drawer. After a while, it begins to wrinkle or shrink. Clothes washed in hot water tend to shrink, so be wary of the setting on your washing
               machine. The use of shrink as referring to therapists started as late as the 1960s — with the idea of a psychologist being a "head-shrinker."
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         The strategy also reflects the reality of a shrinking British army.
     >         The shrinking value of the currency has meant that withdrawing the equivalent of $5 from the ATM produces a fistful of at least 100 bills.
     >         In the rearview mirror, the shrinking Sierra Nevadas.
     >         The belt of destroyed towns and villages continues for hundreds of miles along the jagged perimeter of the Islamic State’s shrinking domain.
     >         "Our plan to change our business model, shrink the company and reduce our risk profile has been successful," Sherin said.

 1   Become Or Make Smaller In Size Or Amount.
	 Eg.  "The Workforce Shrank To A Thousand"
	 Eg.  "A Sweater That Shrank In The Wash"
	 Eg.  "The Summer Sun Had Shrunk And Dried The Wood"
	 Synonyms:  contract , diminish , lessen , reduce , decrease , 
	 Antonyms:  expand , increase , 

 2   (Of Clothes Or Material) Become Smaller As A Result Of Being Immersed In Water.
	 Eg.  "She Wore A Sweater Which Had Shrunk Slightly"

 3   (Of A Person'S Face Or Other Part Of The Body) Wrinkled Or Shrivelled Through Old Age Or Illness.
	 Eg.  Adjective: Shrunken
	 Eg.  "A Tiny Shrunken Face And Enormous Eyes"

 4   Move Back Or Away, Especially Because Of Fear Or Disgust.
	 Eg.  "She Shrank Away From Him, Covering Her Face"
	 Eg.  "He Shrank Back Against The Wall"
	 Synonyms:  recoil , retreat , withdraw , flinch , blench , 

 5   Be Averse To Or Unwilling To Do (Something Difficult Or Unappealing).
	 Eg.  "I Don'T Shrink From My Responsibilities"
	 Eg.  "He Doesn'T Shrink From Naming Names"
	 Synonyms:  recoil , demur , flinch , 
	 Antonyms:  confront , 

 6   Become Withdrawn.

 7   A Psychiatrist.
	 Eg.  "You Should See A Shrink"
