                                                                                      STRAY                                                                                       
  SHORT        Little Red Riding Hood strayed from the path and ended up getting eaten by the Big Bad Wolf. When you stray, you wander off without paying attention to where
               you're going, and sometimes you get in trouble.
  LONG         Stray can be used as a verb or as a noun. Your attention may stray when you're tired and listening to a very boring lecture. You may be the kind of person who
               brings home strays, the dogs and cats that have wandered away from their homes and are lost and hungry. When you're organizing your sock drawer
               and you've got one sock without a mate, you might find the stray sock left behind in the dryer.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         That wound up the buffalo in the far west, only a stray bull being seen here and there afterwards,” according to the handbook.
     >         Just before it was set to be released, someone noticed a stray punctuation mark.
     >         “I can be far more creative now,” he said, as he snipped stray hairs from Saif’s acutely angled neckline.
     >         Dovaleh’s tragedy is that he has strayed from, even betrayed, the person he was.
     >         Mischief may stray into the province of criminality if it incites violence.

 1   Move Away Aimlessly From A Group Or From The Right Course Or Place.
	 Eg.  "Dog Owners Are Urged Not To Allow Their Dogs To Stray"
	 Eg.  "A Young Gazelle Which Had Strayed From The Herd"
	 Eg.  "We Appeared To Have Strayed A Long Way From Our Original Topic"
	 Synonyms:  drift , digress , deviate , wander , drift , 

 2   (Of The Eyes Or A Hand) Move Idly Or Casually.
	 Eg.  "Her Eyes Strayed To The Telephone"

 3   Be Unfaithful To A Spouse Or Partner.
	 Eg.  "Men Who Stray Are Seen As More Exciting And Desirable"
	 Eg.  "The Younger The Men Were, The More Likely They Were To Stray"
	 Synonyms:  philander , 

 4   Wander Or Roam.
	 Eg.  "Over These Mounds The Shepherd Strays"

 5   Not In The Right Place; Separated From The Group Or Target.
	 Eg.  "He Pushed A Few Stray Hairs From Her Face"
	 Eg.  "She Was Killed By A Stray Bullet"
	 Synonyms:  random , chance , accidental , freak , unexpected , 

 6   (Of A Domestic Animal) Having No Home Or Having Wandered Away From Home.
	 Eg.  "Stray Dogs"
	 Eg.  "A Stray Dog"
	 Synonyms:  homeless , lost , abandoned , unclaimed , wandering , 

 7   (Of A Physical Quantity) Arising As A Consequence Of The Laws Of Physics, But Unwanted And Usually Having A Detrimental Effect On The Operation Of Equipment.
	 Eg.  "Stray Capacitance"

 8   A Stray Person Or Thing, Especially A Domestic Animal.
	 Eg.  "The Council Employs Two Wardens To Deal With Strays"
	 Synonyms:  waif , foundling , pye-dog , 

 9   Electrical Phenomena Interfering With Radio Reception.
