                                                                                      STRIDE                                                                                      
  SHORT        The noun stride means "significant progress." You might make a huge stride towards making peace with the rival school by hosting a block party and inviting
               their students.
  LONG         The noun stride also means "a step made while running or walking." If you are bored, you can count your strides between home and the bus stop. As a verb,
               stride means "to walk or run by taking long steps." Elite runners stride, making it look easy. But even if you are a slow jogger, don't give up
               — you make great strides to improve your health when you exercise regularly.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         Nelson Valdez, who played through a sore groin for 88 minutes, pounced on a loose ball and hit Morris in stride.
     >         Kelly called the defense a young group that is “ascending” and “will make big strides next year.”
     >         Anyway, he looks up to see Deeney making an angle ahead of him, but can’t quite slot a pass to meet his stride.
     >         Cuba, with generous Soviet aid, did make remarkable strides in providing basic food and housing, cradle-to-grave healthcare and free and universal education.
     >         From the set piece, Toure strides down the right and unleashes a pearler which cracks off the outside of the right-hand post!

 1   Walk With Long, Decisive Steps In A Specified Direction.
	 Eg.  "He Strode Across The Road"
	 Eg.  "She Came Striding Down The Garden Path"
	 Synonyms:  march , stalk , pace , tread , step , 

 2   Walk About Or Along (A Street Or Other Place) With Long, Decisive Steps.
	 Eg.  "A Woman Striding The Cobbled Streets"

 3   Cross (An Obstacle) With One Long Step.

 4   Bestride.
	 Eg.  "New Wealth Enabled Britain To Stride The World Once More"

 5   A Long, Decisive Step.
	 Eg.  "He Crossed The Room In A Couple Of Strides"
	 Eg.  "He Walked With Long Swinging Strides"
	 Synonyms:  step , pace , footstep , 

 6   The Length Of A Step Or Manner Of Taking Steps In Walking Or Running.
	 Eg.  "The Horse Shortened Its Stride"

 7   A Step Or Stage In Progress Towards An Aim.
	 Eg.  "Great Strides Have Been Made Towards Equality"
	 Eg.  "They'Re Making Strides Toward Some Important Answers"
	 Synonyms:  progress , advance , proceed , move , 

 8   A Good Or Regular Rate Of Progress, Especially After A Slow Or Hesitant Start.
	 Eg.  Noun: One'S Stride; Plural Noun: One'S Strides
	 Eg.  "The Speaker Was Getting Into His Stride"

 9   Trousers.
