                                                 SUBTLE                                                
  SHORT        Something that is subtle is not obvious: a professional food taster might be able
               to perceive subtle differences of flavor that most people don't
               notice.
  LONG         Subtle is used for things that are hard to describe because of their complexity or
               delicacy: a way of thinking, arguing, or creating a work of art.
               The word is pronounced like "suttle" and it was originally spelled
               that way when it was borrowed from Old French, but the b got
               imported to make the word look more like its ultimate source, the
               Latin adjective subtilis. If you try to pronounce the b, your
               ignorance of how to say the word properly won't be very subtle!
                                       EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                       
     >         On the other hand, tech toys that have subtle educational value, but aren’t
               marketed as such, can be strong sellers.
     >         Inspired by a trip to India, the most beautiful work from those years involved a
               newly subtle use of fabric.
     >         If “Seasons” editorializes, it is in an evocative, subtle way.
     >         The composer Julius Eastman died forgotten in 1990, and it’s only recently that his
               surging yet subtle music has been rediscovered.
     >         The folds also create a subtle physical depth that reminds the viewer that painting
               flat is not a given but a choice.

 1   (Especially Of A Change Or Distinction) So Delicate Or Precise As To Be Difficult To Analyse Or Describe.
	 Eg.  "His Language Expresses Rich And Subtle Meanings"
	 Eg.  "Subtle Distinctions Are Of Little Value"
	 Synonyms:  fine , fine-drawn , ultra-fine , nice , overnice , 
	 Antonyms:  crude , 

 2   (Of A Mixture Or Effect) Delicately Complex And Understated.
	 Eg.  "Subtle Lighting"
	 Eg.  "The Colours Are Soft And Subtle"
	 Synonyms:  understated , low-key , muted , subdued , delicate , 
	 Antonyms:  lurid , obvious , 

 3   Capable Of Making Fine Distinctions.
	 Eg.  "A Subtle Mind"
	 Eg.  "A Robust And Subtle Mind"
	 Synonyms:  astute , keen , quick , fine , acute , 
	 Antonyms:  slow-witted , 

 4   Arranged In An Ingenious And Elaborate Way.
	 Eg.  "The German Plan Was Simple Yet Subtle"

 5   Making Use Of Clever And Indirect Methods To Achieve Something.
	 Eg.  "He Tried A More Subtle Approach"

 6   Crafty; Cunning.
	 Eg.  "The Subtle Fiend Dissembled"
	 Eg.  "The Plan Was Simple Yet Subtle"
	 Synonyms:  ingenious , clever , skilful , adroit , cunning , 
	 Antonyms:  crude , artless , 
