                                                                                      SURGE                                                                                       
  SHORT        A surge is a sudden strong swelling, like a tsunami wave that engulfs the land. Although a surge offers a fluid image, anything can experience a sudden surge,
               including emotions, political support, or an angry mob.
  LONG         The original Latin word surgere, meaning “to spring up or rise,” serves as the basis for the word surge, which refers to a great sudden growth or swelling.
               If you are watching a sad movie and you experience a sudden surge of emotion, do you quietly reach for a tissue, pretend something's in your
               eye, or simply weep and sob with reckless abandon.  Yeah, me too.  Christmas shopping can be dangerous when there is a surge of interest in one
               toy and desperate shoppers surge into stores trying to grab it up.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         For several years they had been witnessing a surge of European tourists.
     >         Mobile and electronic payments have surged, and cash-free, app-based taxi services and online grocery markets have seen a dramatic increase in customers.
     >         But they believed in sacrifice, and they probably imagined that they could muddle through somehow, borne aloft by my mother’s surging triumphalism.
     >         Matt Barkley, starting for the injured Jay Cutler, led the late surge.
     >         Bean is kicking it up a notch as demand continues to surge for its iconic boot.

 1   A Sudden Powerful Forward Or Upward Movement, Especially By A Crowd Or By A Natural Force Such As The Tide.
	 Eg.  "Flooding Caused By Tidal Surges"
	 Eg.  "A Surge Of Water"
	 Eg.  "He Took One Look At The Surge Of Sea And Lowered Clouds"
	 Synonyms:  gush , rush , outpouring , stream , flow , 

 2   A Sudden Large Increase, Typically A Temporary One.
	 Eg.  "The Firm Predicted A 20% Surge In Sales"
	 Eg.  "A Surge In Oil Production"
	 Synonyms:  rise , growth , upswing , upsurge , escalation , 

 3   A Major Deployment Of Military Forces To Reinforce Those Already In A Particular Area.

 4   A Powerful Rush Of An Emotion Or Feeling.
	 Eg.  "Sophie Felt A Surge Of Anger"
	 Eg.  "He Felt A Sudden Surge Of Anger"
	 Synonyms:  rush , blast , storm , torrent , blaze , 

 5   A Sudden Marked Increase In Voltage Or Current In An Electric Circuit.

 6   (Of A Crowd Or A Natural Force) Move Suddenly And Powerfully Forward Or Upward.
	 Eg.  "The Journalists Surged Forward"
	 Eg.  "Contaminated Water Surged Into People'S Homes"
	 Eg.  "The Sea Surged In The Storm"
	 Synonyms:  gush , rush , stream , flow , burst , 

 7   Increase Suddenly And Powerfully.
	 Eg.  "Shares Surged To A Record High"
	 Eg.  "The Dow Jones Index Surged 47.63 Points"
	 Synonyms:  rise , grow , escalate , jump , leap , 

 8   (Of An Emotion Or Feeling) Affect Someone Powerfully And Suddenly.
	 Eg.  "Indignation Surged Up Within Her"

 9   (Of An Electric Voltage Or Current) Increase Suddenly.
