                                                                                      SWARM                                                                                       
  SHORT        A swarm is a good word for a large group of bees going on the attack — not good news. Like bees, any group of people or animals can be considered a swarm if
               they act together and quickly — even fiercely.
  LONG         On a hot day, when an ice-cream truck shows up, it's usually greeted by a swarm of hot, hungry kids. People at a concert can be a swarm — and people in the
               swarm can be hurt, because there's lots of pushing and shoving. When tickets for a popular movie go on sale, a swarm of people will swarm the
               theater. As you can see, swarm works as either a noun or verb, and people could teach bees a thing or two about swarming.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         Government hospitals overwhelmed by swarms of indigent patients failed to give him immediate care.
     >         The resort, though not even officially open, swarmed with people looking for fun anyway.
     >         Now researchers are also trying to make them co-operate and work in swarms.
     >         “We had to run and jump into a stream” to dodge the swarm, he says.
     >         Google says it should help users navigate "Black Friday swarms", but one expert questioned its usefulness.

 1   A Large Or Dense Group Of Flying Insects.
	 Eg.  "A Swarm Of Locusts"

 2   A Large Number Of Honeybees That Leave A Hive En Masse With A Newly Fertilized Queen In Order To Establish A New Colony.
	 Eg.  "A Swarm Of Bees"
	 Synonyms:  hive , flight , flock , covey , 

 3   A Large Number Of People Or Things.
	 Eg.  "A Swarm Of Journalists"
	 Eg.  "There Was The Usual Swarm Of Gendarmes Rushing Around"
	 Synonyms:  crowd , multitude , horde , host , mob , 

 4   A Series Of Similar-Sized Earthquakes Occurring Together, Typically Near A Volcano.

 5   A Large Number Of Minor Celestial Objects Occurring Together In Space, Especially A Dense Shower Of Meteors.

 6   (Of Flying Insects) Move In Or Form A Swarm.
	 Eg.  "Swarming Locusts"

 7   (Of Honeybees, Ants, Or Termites) Issue From The Nest In Large Numbers In Order To Mate And Found New Colonies.
	 Eg.  "The Bees Had Swarmed And Left The Hive"

 8   Move Somewhere In Large Numbers.
	 Eg.  "Protesters Were Swarming Into The Building"
	 Eg.  "Reporters And Photographers Were Swarming All Over The Place"
	 Synonyms:  flock , crowd , throng , stream , surge , 

 9   Be Crowded Or Overrun With (Moving People Or Things).
	 Eg.  "The Place Was Swarming With Police"
	 Eg.  "The Field Was Swarming With Sightseers"
	 Synonyms:  
