                                                                                       MIRE                                                                                       
  SHORT        A mire is mushy ground like quicksand, so if you feel yourself trapped in a sticky situation, consider yourself mired. One gets mired IN something — like in a
               dispute or in a love triangle.
  LONG         Mire still has its original, though less-used, sense of a slushy, muddy bit of land that gives way underfoot, also known as a quagmire. One of the most famous
               mires in literary history was the one haunted by the Hound of the Baskervilles in Conan Doyle's classic. Have the fibs you told your beloved
               come back to haunt you? You're stuck in a mire then, a treacherous situation it's going to be pretty hard to squirm out of.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         But oil prices have crashed, Venezuela is mired in crisis, and no other easy income source is coming to the Cuban government’s rescue.
     >         The drop in unemployment came despite recent poor economic data as the country remains mired in recession.
     >         Fisher replaced offensive coordinator Frank Cignetti with Boras in St. Louis last December while the Rams were mired in 31st place in total offense.
     >         Michigan leads the all-time series 58-48-6, but is mired in the worst slump in a storied series that dates to 1897.
     >         With the issue mired in municipal election politics, they deferred action.

 1   A Stretch Of Swampy Or Boggy Ground.
	 Eg.  "Acres Of Land Had Been Reduced To A Mire"

 2   Soft Mud Or Dirt.
	 Eg.  "The Roads Retained Their Winter Mire"
	 Eg.  "Her Horse Was Spattered With Mire"
	 Synonyms:  mud , slime , sludge , dirt , filth , 

 3   A Wetland Area Or Ecosystem Based On Peat.
	 Eg.  "When It'S Wet It'S A Mire Out There"
	 Synonyms:  swamp , bog , morass , quagmire , quag , 

 4   A Complicated Or Unpleasant Situation From Which It Is Difficult To Extricate Oneself.
	 Eg.  "The Service Is Sinking In The Mire Of Its Own Regulations"

 5   Cause To Become Stuck In Mud.
	 Eg.  "Sometimes A Heavy Truck Gets Mired Down"
	 Eg.  "Frank'S Horse Got Mired In A Bog Hole"
	 Synonyms:  sink , 

 6   Cover Or Spatter With Mud.
	 Eg.  "The Horse Waded Through The Red Mud That Mired It To Its Hocks"
	 Eg.  "The Children Were Mired From Playing Outside"
	 Synonyms:  dirty , soil , muddy , begrime , spatter , 

 7   Involve Someone Or Something In (A Difficult Situation).
	 Eg.  "The Economy Is Mired In Its Longest Recession Since The War"
	 Eg.  "Since His Fall From Grace He Had Been Mired In Lawsuits"
	 Synonyms:  entangle , embroil , enmesh , involve , 
