                                                                                                    MOCK                                                                                                    
  SHORT        Imitation may be the most sincere form of flattery, but to mock is to make fun of or mimic someone with contempt, ridicule or derision. "Louise’s favorite pastime was to mock her
               brother’s inability to sing on key."
  LONG         The verb mock — as in the use that inspired the name of the mockingbird — can be simple imitation but, more often, to mock someone is to show disdain through mimicry or parody.  As an
               adjective, mock indicates a fake or a simulation: "The design team made the most fabulous mock Eiffel Tower for our staging of An American in Paris." "His mock gratitude
               was, at times, unbearable."
                                                                                         EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                                          
     >         Academics and others have responded online by sending in fake tips and mocking the initiative on Twitter using the hashtag #trollprofwatchlist.
     >         Its 1970s fashion has been celebrated and mocked.
     >         "It opens the way for people to mock the government and suggest that they are not taking crime seriously."
     >         The house was blessed by the minister's special guru while the bulletproof bathroom has been roundly mocked.
     >         He then invited the anti-Brexit star to atone for the sin of mocking the town by switching the Christmas lights’s on.

 1   Tease Or Laugh At In A Scornful Or Contemptuous Manner.
	 Eg.  "Opposition Mps Mocked The Government'S Decision"
	 Eg.  "The Local Children Taunted And Mocked The Old People In The Home"
	 Eg.  "A Mocking Smile"
	 Synonyms:  ridicule , deride , scorn , pillory , tease , 
	 Antonyms:  friendly , open , good-humoured , 

 2   Make (Something) Seem Laughably Unreal Or Impossible.
	 Eg.  "At Christmas, Arguments And Friction Mock Our Pretence At Peace"

 3   Mimic (Someone Or Something) Scornfully Or Contemptuously.
	 Eg.  "He Ought To Find Out Who Used His Name, Mocked His Voice, And Aped A Few Of His Guitar Lines"
	 Eg.  "They Still Mock The Slow Way He Speaks"
	 Synonyms:  parody , ape , guy , caricature , satirize , 

 4   Make A Replica Or Imitation Of Something.

 5   Not Authentic Or Real, But Without The Intention To Deceive.
	 Eg.  "A Mock-Georgian Red Brick House"
	 Eg.  "A Mock Leather Armchair"
	 Synonyms:  imitation , artificial , man-made , simulated , synthetic , 
	 Antonyms:  genuine , 

 6   (Of An Examination, Battle, Etc.) Arranged For Training Or Practice.
	 Eg.  "Mock Gcses"

 7   Mock Examinations.
	 Eg.  "Obtaining Grade A In Mocks"

 8   An Object Of Derision.
	 Eg.  "He Has Become The Mock Of All His Contemporaries"
