                                                                                    RECKONING                                                                                     
  SHORT        A reckoning is a calculation or number you estimate. You might say, "By my reckoning, there are now seventeen kids in the bouncy house, which might be a few
               too many."
  LONG         The act of counting or tallying can be called a reckoning, and so can a person's opinion on something. You could describe an ancient astronomer's reckoning
               that the Earth was at the center of the universe or your own reckoning that guests should never stay more than three days. The Old English
               gerecenian is the root of reckoning, to count, recount, or relate.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         “It has prevented a really honest reckoning of the Cuban revolution and its price.”
     >         The New York Times has done some public reckoning with Walter Duranty’s pro-Stalin reporting on the Soviet Union in the 1930s.
     >         History suggested that Stamford Bridge might be a test too far, and what felt like a week of reckoning duly delivered two heavyweight blows.
     >         “Your day of reckoning has arrived,” the letter states, according to CAIR-LA.
     >         Meanwhile, Brierley was still reckoning with how he felt while watching his story be turned into a film.

 1   The Action Or Process Of Calculating Or Estimating Something.
	 Eg.  "The Sixth, Or By Another Reckoning Eleventh, Earl Of Mar"
	 Eg.  "By The Judge'S Reckoning, This Comes To Close On $2 Million"
	 Synonyms:  calculation , estimation , computation , summation , counting , 

 2   A Person'S Opinion Or Judgement.
	 Eg.  "By Ancient Reckoning, Bacteria Are Plants"
	 Eg.  "By Her Reckoning, It Was High Time Her Luck Changed"
	 Synonyms:  opinion , view , judgement , evaluation , estimate , 

 3   A Bill Or Account, Or Its Settlement.
	 Eg.  Plural Noun: Reckonings

 4   The Avenging Or Punishing Of Past Mistakes Or Misdeeds.
	 Eg.  "The Fear Of Being Brought To Reckoning"
	 Eg.  "The Terrible Reckoning That He Deserved"
	 Synonyms:  retribution , fate , doom , nemesis , judgement , 

 5   Contention For A Place In A Team Or Among The Winners Of A Contest.
	 Eg.  "He Has Hit The Sort Of Form Which Could Thrust Him Into The Reckoning"

 6   Establish By Calculation.
	 Eg.  "His Debts Were Reckoned At £300,000"
	 Eg.  "The Cost To The Company Was Reckoned At £6,000"
	 Synonyms:  calculate , compute , figure , number , quantify , 

 7   Include Someone Or Something In (A Class Or Group).
	 Eg.  "The Society Can Reckon Among Its Members Males Of The Royal Blood"
	 Eg.  "Anselm Reckoned Hugh Among His Friends"
	 Synonyms:  include , count , number , 

 8   Be Of The Opinion.
	 Eg.  "He Reckons That The Army Should Pull Out Entirely"
	 Eg.  "I Reckon She Had Her Eye On Him From The Start"
	 Synonyms:  believe , think , suspect , imagine , fancy , 

 9   Consider Or Regard In A Specified Way.
	 Eg.  "The Event Was Reckoned A Failure"
	 Eg.  "Category A Prisoners Are Reckoned The Most Dangerous"
	 Synonyms:  consider , judge , view , deem , rate , 
