                                                                                      REMIT                                                                                       
  SHORT        If you send your client a bill for your consulting services, be sure to include your address so he knows where to remit the payment.
  LONG         Remit means send back, and it has many uses. If you remit payment, you send it back to the person you owe it to. If you’ve been in prison for five years of a
               seven-year sentence but you’ve been on good behavior, a judge might remit the remainder of your sentence and let you go free. If you have a
               chronic illness and it seems to clear up or go away, we say it is in remittance.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         Huge amounts of money are remitted from the US back to Ethiopia.
     >         The Roads and Transport Policing Command has a specific remit to reduce collisions and the number of people killed or seriously injured on London's roads.
     >         “All were defeated by cautiousness of the board and by the company’s remit from Arts Council England to deliver ballet to the regions.”
     >         Previously, it was up to the host to obtain necessary sales tax permits and collect and remit taxes.
     >         He was appointed Odessa governor in May 2015, with a remit to fight corruption.

 1   Cancel Or Refrain From Exacting Or Inflicting (A Debt Or Punishment).
	 Eg.  "The Excess Of The Sentence Over 12 Months Was Remitted"
	 Eg.  "The Fines Imposed On The Earl Of Lancaster Were Remitted"
	 Synonyms:  cancel , revoke , repeal , rescind , abrogate , 

 2   Forgive (A Sin).
	 Eg.  "God'S Act Of Remitting The Sins Of Guilty Men"
	 Eg.  "Remitting Their Sins"
	 Synonyms:  pardon , forgive , excuse , overlook , 

 3   Send (Money) In Payment Or As A Gift.
	 Eg.  "The Income They Remitted To Their Families"
	 Eg.  "They Refused To Remit Customs Duties To The Federal Authorities"
	 Synonyms:  send , dispatch , forward , transmit , convey , 

 4   Refer (A Matter For Decision) To An Authority.
	 Eg.  "The Request For An Investigation Was Remitted To A Special Committee"
	 Eg.  "The Case Was Remitted To The Court Of Appeal"
	 Synonyms:  refer , transfer , direct , assign , commit , 

 5   Send Back (A Case) To A Lower Court.

 6   Send (Someone) From One Tribunal To Another For A Trial Or Hearing.
	 Eg.  "It Remits An Offender To Another Court After Convicting Him"

 7   Postpone.
	 Eg.  "The Movers Refused Mr Tierney'S Request To Remit The Motion"
	 Eg.  "We Remitted All Further Discussion Until He Sent Me A Copy Of His Letter"
	 Synonyms:  postpone , defer , shelve , delay , suspend , 

 8   Consign Again To A Previous State.
	 Eg.  "Thus His Indiscretion Remitted Him To The Nature Of An Ordinary Person"

 9   Diminish.
	 Eg.  "Phobias May Remit Spontaneously Without Any Treatment"
	 Eg.  "The Fever Remitted"
	 Synonyms:  diminish , lessen , decrease , abate , moderate , 
