                                                                                     RENDERED                                                                                     
  SHORT        Render is a synonym of make––technically it means "cause to become." An illness might render you unable to walk, or a shocking site might render you
               speechless.
  LONG         Another basic meaning of the verb render is to give, present, or perform something: to render assistance. And a specialized sense is to formally declare a
               verdict in a court case. Render is from Middle English, from Old French rendre "to give back, deliver," an alteration of Latin reddere "to
               restore," from the prefix red-, re- "back" plus dare "to give."
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         Whether you are explicitly denied the vote or simply rendered irrelevant by a winner-takes-all authoritarianism, you are left infantilised and directionless.
     >         The “Unwind/Path” series features interlaced, loosely rendered loops in one or two other colors besides the recurring one.
     >         Once-green swaths of pine forest surrounding Haifa’s mountainside neighborhoods had been rendered a slope of ash and blackened branches.
     >         Their margin for error, nearly flattened by an offensive line depleted almost beyond belief, has rendered moot most of their strides during the skid.
     >         The judge told Port that he had carried out the murders to "satisfy his lust" for sex with young men who were rendered unconscious.

 1   Provide Or Give (A Service, Help, Etc.).
	 Eg.  "Money Serves As A Reward For Services Rendered"
	 Eg.  "Burcham Was Quickly Surrounded By People Anxious To Render Assistance"
	 Eg.  "A Sailor Was Bound To Render Instant Obedience To A Midshipman"
	 Synonyms:  give , provide , supply , furnish , contribute , 

 2   Submit Or Present For Inspection Or Consideration.
	 Eg.  "He Would Render Income Tax Returns At The End Of The Year"
	 Eg.  "The Invoices Rendered By The Accountants Amounted To £11,690"
	 Synonyms:  present , tender , submit , 

 3   Deliver (A Verdict Or Judgement).
	 Eg.  "The Jury'S Finding Amounted To The Clearest Verdict Yet Rendered Upon The Scandal"
	 Eg.  "It Was About An Hour Before The Jury Rendered Their Verdict"
	 Synonyms:  deliver , return , give , announce , pronounce , 

 4   Give Up; Surrender.
	 Eg.  "He Will Render Up His Immortal Soul"
	 Eg.  "He Was Called Upon To Render Up The Stolen Money"
	 Synonyms:  return , restore , repay , surrender , relinquish , 

 5   Cause To Be Or Become; Make.
	 Eg.  "The Rains Rendered His Escape Impossible"
	 Eg.  "Her Fury Rendered Her Temporarily Speechless"
	 Synonyms:  make , leave , 

 6   Represent Or Depict Artistically.
	 Eg.  "The Eyes And The Cheeks Are Exceptionally Well Rendered"
	 Eg.  "Her Paintings Are Rendered In Wonderfully Vivid Colours"
	 Eg.  "The Characters Are Vividly Rendered"
	 Synonyms:  paint , draw , depict , portray , represent , 

 7   Perform (A Piece Of Music).
	 Eg.  "A Soprano Solo Reverently Rendered By Linda Howie"
	 Eg.  "The French Songstress Had Just Rendered All Three Verses Of The Marseillaise"
	 Synonyms:  perform , play , sing , execute , interpret , 

 8   Translate.
	 Eg.  "The Phrase Was Rendered Into English"
	 Eg.  "The Phrase Is Almost Impossible To Render Into English"
	 Synonyms:  translate , put , express , transcribe , convert , 

 9   Process (An Outline Image) Using Colour And Shading In Order To Make It Appear Solid And Three-Dimensional.
	 Eg.  "He Is Forced To Render Images By Intermixing Pixels Of A Few Basic Colours"
