                                                                                    RETROGRADE                                                                                    
  SHORT        Retrograde describes moving in a backwards or reverse direction. If you're suddenly told that you can no longer vote because you're a woman, that's a
               retrograde affront to your civil rights. Start protesting!
  LONG         This word comes from the Latin retrogradus, meaning "going backward." You might hear retrograde used in astronomy to describe the movements of the planets. If
               a planet like Mercury is in retrograde, that means it appears to be moving backwards. Retrograde can also describe something that's going from
               better to worse. The farm's retrograde practice of spraying their crops with harsher and harsher pesticides is causing our health to suffer.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         Her stated answer to Freud’s notorious question about what women want is straightforward and retrograde.
     >         The retrograde “aspirational horizon” of right-wing populism tends to be in the rearview mirror: a nostalgic longing for a simpler time that never actually
               existed.
     >         Indeed, reduction in retrograde transport through mutations in dynactin52, which is an activator of the retrograde motor cytoplasmic dynein53, provokes motor
               neuron disease in humans.
     >         Surely such a cruel and retrograde figure could succeed among some voters, but how could he win?
     >         But if his retrograde fundamentalism was far outside the mainstream of American Christianity, he had a huge reach nonetheless.

 1   Directed Or Moving Backwards.
	 Eg.  "A Retrograde Flow"
	 Eg.  "The Retrograde Motion Of The Planets"
	 Synonyms:  backward , backwards , reverse , rearward , 
	 Antonyms:  forward , 

 2   (Of The Apparent Motion Of A Planet) In A Reverse Direction From Normal (From East To West), Resulting From The Relative Orbital Progress Of The Earth And The Planet.

 3   (Of The Orbit Or Rotation Of A Planet Or Planetary Satellite) In A Reverse Direction From That Normal In The Solar System.
	 Eg.  "The Outer Satellites Move In Retrograde Orbits"

 4   Reverting To An Earlier And Inferior Condition.
	 Eg.  "To Go Back On The Progress That Has Been Made Would Be A Retrograde Step"
	 Eg.  "The Closure Of The Factory Is A Retrograde Step"
	 Synonyms:  regressive , negative , downhill , unwelcome , unprogressive , 
	 Antonyms:  positive , forward-looking , 

 5   (Of The Order Of Something) Reversed; Inverse.
	 Eg.  "The Retrograde Form Of These Inscriptions"

 6   (Of A Metamorphic Change) Resulting From A Decrease In Temperature Or Pressure.

 7   A Degenerate Person.

 8   Go Back In Position Or Time.
	 Eg.  "Our History Must Retrograde For The Space Of A Few Pages"

 9   Revert To An Earlier And Inferior Condition.
	 Eg.  "People Cannot Habitually Trample On Law And Justice Without Retrograding Toward Barbarism"
