                                                                                      APPEAL                                                                                      
  SHORT        Appeal means to ask, or address. If you appeal to someone's better nature, you're asking them for mercy. If a shirt doesn't appeal to you, you could also say
               it doesn't "speak" to you, or more simply, you don't like it.
  LONG         Appeal also means to call upon a higher court to review a lower court's decision. If you appeal a court's conviction of you for shop lifting, you're asking a
               higher court to throw the decision out. Appeal descends from the Latin appellare "to address, call upon."
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         A lawyer for Bautista, who is now 78 and free while appealing her conviction, hasn’t returned a message seeking comment.
     >         Artistically successful movie versions of Broadway shows, such as director Rob Marshall’s Oscar-winning “Chicago,” have done their part, too, to foster a
               broader appeal.
     >         “Okinawan lawmakers like myself will continue to appeal to the U.S. that the Okinawan people’s position is different from the one of the central government.”
     >         Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit in Atlanta would be a sign that Trump does not fear a disruptive and contentious battle.
     >         Trump campaigned hard and appealed to the fear, hate and ignorance of those he calls the “forgotten” America.

 1   Make A Serious, Urgent, Or Heartfelt Request.
	 Eg.  "Police Are Appealing For Information About The Incident"
	 Eg.  "Police Are Appealing For Information"
	 Synonyms:  call , plead , beg , sue , 

 2   Try To Persuade Someone To Do Something By Calling On (A Particular Principle Or Quality).
	 Eg.  "I Appealed To His Sense Of Justice"
	 Eg.  "Andrew Appealed To Me To Help Them"
	 Synonyms:  implore , beg , beseech , entreat , ask , 

 3   (Of The Bowler Or Fielders) Call On The Umpire To Declare A Batsman Out, Traditionally With A Shout Of ‘How'S That?’

 4   Apply To A Higher Court For A Reversal Of The Decision Of A Lower Court.
	 Eg.  "He Said He Would Appeal Against The Conviction"

 5   Apply To A Higher Court For A Reversal Of (The Decision Of A Lower Court).
	 Eg.  "They Have 48 Hours To Appeal The Decision"

 6   Be Attractive Or Interesting.
	 Eg.  "The Range Of Topics Will Appeal To Youngsters"
	 Eg.  "The Thought Of Travelling Appealed To Me"
	 Synonyms:  attract , interest , please , charm , engage , 
	 Antonyms:  bore , 

 7   A Serious, Urgent, Or Heartfelt Request.
	 Eg.  "His Mother Made An Appeal For The Return Of The Ring"

 8   A Shout Of ‘How'S That?’ Or A Similar Call By A Bowler Or Fielder To An Umpire To Declare A Batsman Out.

 9   Entreaty.
	 Eg.  "A Look Of Appeal On His Face"
	 Eg.  "An Emotional Appeal For Help"
	 Synonyms:  plea , entreaty , cry , call , petition , 
