                                              DEMOCRACY                                               
  SHORT        Whether you're talking about your glee club or a powerful nation, the word
               democracy describes government based on participation of the
               people, either directly or through elected representatives.
  LONG         Democracy traces back to the Greek words demos, meaning "people," and kratia,
               meaning "power." "People power" remains central to democracy,
               whether you're describing a country or a much smaller organization.
               If your glee club is run as a democracy, then everybody gets to
               vote on questions like what you're going to sing and what kind of
               outfits you’re going to wear. Because democracy assumes some idea
               of equality, it's often used to mean a just society, one in which
               everyone is treated equally.
                                      EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                       
     >         “He has strong ideas of liberty, democracy, social justice, the need to restore
               the Constitution, to hold elections,” Mr. Matthews wrote.
     >         The U.S. was among the first to formally recognize his government, cautiously
               trusting Castro’s early assurances he merely wanted to restore
               democracy, not install socialism.
     >         The First Amendment is a bulwark of democracy but provides no protection for
               defamatory allegations published in knowing disregard for the
               truth.
     >         Mr. Fillon’s readiness to fight for such change separates him from the
               establishment, seemingly a good step in any Western democracy at
               the moment.
     >         If democracy is predicated on reliable information, it’s in serious trouble right
               now.

 1   A System Of Government By The Whole Population Or All The Eligible Members Of A State, Typically Through Elected Representatives.
	 Eg.  "A System Of Parliamentary Democracy"
	 Synonyms:  self-government , autonomy , republic , commonwealth , 
	 Antonyms:  tyranny , dictatorship , 

 2   A State Governed Under A System Of Democracy.
	 Eg.  Plural Noun: Democracies
	 Eg.  "A Multiparty Democracy"

 3   Control Of An Organization Or Group By The Majority Of Its Members.
	 Eg.  "The Intended Extension Of Industrial Democracy"

 4   The Practice Or Principles Of Social Equality.
	 Eg.  "Demands For Greater Democracy"
