                                                                                     PROVISIO                                                                                     
  SHORT        A provision is a store or supply of something, like food or clothing. This noun can also describe the planning you do for "when something happens."
  LONG         We often use this word when we talk about outdoor activities like hiking or camping, or when we talk about outfitting an army in the field, but it basically
               means "supply." And since provision comes from the Latin word that means to "attend to," you can pretty much guess what the verb form of this
               word describes: the act of supplying someone else with provisions. In a legal or contractual sense, a provision is a stipulated condition or
               proviso.

 1   The Action Of Providing Or Supplying Something For Use.
	 Eg.  "New Contracts For The Provision Of Services"
	 Eg.  "The President Condemned The Provision Of Weapons To Guerrillas"
	 Synonyms:  supply , providing , delivery , furnishing , donation , 

 2   Financial Or Other Arrangements For Future Eventualities Or Requirements.
	 Eg.  Plural Noun: Provisions
	 Eg.  "Farmers Have Been Slow To Make Provision For Their Retirement"
	 Eg.  "He Never Made Any Sort Of Provision For The Future"
	 Synonyms:  planning , contingency , 

 3   An Amount Set Aside Out Of Profits In The Accounts Of An Organization For A Known Liability, Especially A Bad Debt Or The Diminution In Value Of An Asset.

 4   An Amount Or Thing Supplied Or Provided.
	 Eg.  "Changing Levels Of Transport Provision"
	 Eg.  "There Has Been Limited Provision For Gifted Children In The Past"
	 Synonyms:  equipment , means , offering , assistance , 

 5   Supplies Of Food, Drink, Or Equipment, Especially For A Journey.
	 Eg.  Plural Noun: Provisions
	 Eg.  "The English Troops Were Tired And Running Out Of Provisions"
	 Synonyms:  food , iron rations , fare , vivers , grub , 

 6   A Condition Or Requirement In A Legal Document.
	 Eg.  "The First Private Prosecution Under The Provisions Of The 1989 Water Act"
	 Eg.  "Nearly Everyone Will Be Covered By The Provisions Of The Act"
	 Synonyms:  term , clause , requirement , specification , stipulation , 

 7   An Appointment To A Benefice, Especially Directly By The Pope Rather Than By The Patron, And Originally Before It Became Vacant.

 8   Supply With Food, Drink, Or Equipment, Especially For A Journey.
	 Eg.  "Civilian Contractors Were Responsible For Provisioning These Armies"

 9   Set Aside An Amount In An Organization'S Accounts For A Known Liability.
	 Eg.  "Financial Institutions Have To Provision Against Loan Losses"
