                                                                                      PURGE                                                                                       
  SHORT        To purge is to get rid of something or someone, and often it’s done suddenly. Purge rhymes with urge, and when you have a really strong urge to throw stuff
               away or clean something out, you have an urge to purge.
  LONG         From the Latin purgare, meaning "purify," purge is used as a verb for removing impure things, whether they're guilty feelings in a person or rotten vegetables
               in a refrigerator. As a noun, the act of tossing out the too-small clothes in your closet before getting new ones might be called a purge. It
               can be a very bad act, too, as when individuals have an unhealthy urge to purge or empty their stomachs after eating or when a military group
               decides to purge a certain ethnic group from a country.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         The discovery of a new Dickinson treasure in the course of an attic cleanout or a basement purge is a perennial, if distant, possibility.
     >         Several departments said enough time had passed that they had automatically purged the requested footage.
     >         He soon presided over a purge of anyone suspected of being a Bastista “henchman,” which sometimes meant anyone who disagreed with Fidel.
     >         Over the years, Fisanick-Greer tried starvation diets, binging and purging, diet pills, cellophane wraps.
     >         Those dismissed in the purges cannot apply for any other state job.

 1   Rid (Someone) Of An Unwanted Feeling, Memory, Or Condition.
	 Eg.  "Bob Had Helped Purge Martha Of The Terrible Guilt That Had Haunted Her"

 2   Free Someone From (An Unwanted Feeling, Memory, Etc.).
	 Eg.  "His Hatred Was Purged"
	 Eg.  "The Experience Has Purged Them Of The Desire To Doubt"
	 Synonyms:  cleanse , clear , purify , wash , shrive , 

 3   Remove (A Group Of People Considered Undesirable) From An Organization Or Place In An Abrupt Or Violent Way.
	 Eg.  "He Purged All But 26 Of The Central Committee Members"
	 Eg.  "Human Rights Violators Would Be Purged From The Army"
	 Synonyms:  remove , expel , eject , exclude , evict , 

 4   Remove A Group Of Undesirable People From (An Organization Or Place) In An Abrupt Or Violent Way.
	 Eg.  "An Opportunity To Purge The Party Of Unsatisfactory Members"
	 Eg.  "The Party Was Purged Of The So-Called ‘Capitalist Roaders’"
	 Synonyms:  rid , clear , cleanse , empty , strip , 

 5   Atone For Or Wipe Out (Contempt Of Court).
	 Eg.  "He Has A Right To Apply To The Court To Purge His Contempt"

 6   Physically Remove (Something) Completely.
	 Eg.  "A Substance Designed To Purge Impurities From The Body"

 7   Evacuate One'S Bowels, Especially As A Result Of Taking A Laxative.
	 Eg.  "Sufferers Eat Normally In Summer But Overeat And Purge During Winter"

 8   An Abrupt Or Violent Removal Of A Group Of People.
	 Eg.  "The Savagery Of Government'S Political Purges"
	 Eg.  "The Purge Of The Dissidents From The Party"
	 Synonyms:  removal , expulsion , ejection , exclusion , eviction , 

 9   A Laxative.
	 Eg.  "In This Plant Was A Milky Substance Which Was A Drastic Purge"
