                                                                                      TENDER                                                                                      
  SHORT        If you're tender, it means you're fragile, sensitive, easily bruised or gentle. Young, easily cut beef and a sentimental heart can both be called tender.
  LONG         The many meanings attributed to tender developed over time. In the early 13th century, the word meant soft or easily injured. About a hundred years later, its
               meaning expanded to include kind and loving. Skip forward another century, and tender could also imply a lack of maturity.
                                                                            EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                                                             
     >         Earlier this month, Mr Modi announced that 500 and 1,000 rupee notes were no longer legal tender as part of a crackdown on corruption.
     >         “Life on Mars” was tender and vulnerable, while “Ziggy Stardust” throbbed with yearning — a rebel yell comprehensible in any language.
     >         Lamb and pork meatballs are tender, light and luscious, draped with tomato sauce and enlivened with fresh mint, red onion and pine nuts.
     >         Cook until the turnips just begin to become tender but are still slightly crisp, 8 to 10 minutes.
     >         Indians have been allowed to exchange a small sum of banned notes into legal tender until 24 November as long as they produce an ID.

 1   Showing Gentleness, Kindness, And Affection.
	 Eg.  "He Was Being So Kind And Tender"
	 Eg.  "He Looked A Gentle, Tender Man"
	 Eg.  "He Placed A Tender Kiss On Fabia'S Brow"
	 Eg.  "Tender Love Songs"
	 Synonyms:  caring , kind , kindly , kind-hearted , soft-hearted , 
	 Antonyms:  hard-hearted , callous , unsympathetic , 

 2   Solicitous Of.
	 Eg.  "Be Tender Of A Lady'S Reputation"

 3   (Of A Part Of The Body) Sensitive To Pain.
	 Eg.  "The Pale, Tender Skin Of Her Forearm"
	 Eg.  "Her Ankle Was Swollen And Tender"
	 Synonyms:  sore , painful , sensitive , raw , red , 

 4   (Of A Plant) Easily Injured By Severe Weather And Therefore Needing Protection.
	 Eg.  "Pelargoniums Are Colourful But Tender Plants"
	 Eg.  "These Flowers Are Tender"
	 Synonyms:  delicate , fragile , breakable , frail , 
	 Antonyms:  hardy , 

 5   Requiring Tact Or Careful Handling.
	 Eg.  "The Issue Of Conscription Was A Particularly Tender One"
	 Eg.  "The Issue Of Conscription Was A Particularly Tender One"
	 Synonyms:  difficult , delicate , tricky , awkward , problematic , 
	 Antonyms:  uncontroversial , straightforward , 

 6   (Of Food) Easy To Cut Or Chew; Not Tough.
	 Eg.  "Tender Green Beans"
	 Eg.  "Simmer For 25–30 Minutes Until The Meat Is Tender"
	 Synonyms:  soft , edible , eatable , succulent , juicy , 
	 Antonyms:  tough , leathery , 

 7   Young, Inexperienced, Or Vulnerable.
	 Eg.  "He Started Sailing At The Tender Age Of Ten"
	 Eg.  "At The Tender Age Of Fifteen"
	 Synonyms:  young , youthful , early , impressionable , inexperienced , 
	 Antonyms:  advanced , 

 8   (Of A Ship) Leaning Or Readily Inclined To Roll In Response To The Wind.

 9   Offer Or Present (Something) Formally.
	 Eg.  "He Tendered His Resignation As Leader"
	 Eg.  "She Tendered Her Resignation"
	 Synonyms:  offer , proffer , present , propose , suggest , 
