                                                 TROUGH                                                
  SHORT        If you live on a farm, you already know that a trough is what animals eat out of.
               The word actually refers to the shape of the container, and can mean
               anything that is low and hollowed out––a math curve, a depression in
               the ground.
  LONG         In the olden days, people, like animals, ate from troughs. Gradually, we got fancy
               enough to divide our food between bowls and plates, but there is
               some lingering connection between the idea of trough and rough,
               peasant living.
                                       EXAMPLES FROM VOCABULARY:                                       
     >         Then another upper trough will hit the state Saturday bringing more snow showers
               and cooler temperatures.
     >         Chunks of tundra are sliding into the trough of rubble.
     >         Northern England is, unlike the gentler south, a land of peaks and troughs, often
               desolate and heather-covered, but always beautiful.
     >         The last big real-estate boom, which began in 2012, lasted around a year and a half
               from trough to peak.
     >         Half-whiskey barrels and feed troughs with holes drilled in the bottom make
               relatively inexpensive large-scale containers.

 1   A Long, Narrow Open Container For Animals To Eat Or Drink Out Of.
	 Eg.  "A Water Trough"
	 Eg.  "A Large Feeding Trough"
	 Synonyms:  manger , feed box , feeder , crib , 

 2   A Long, Narrow Open Container Used For A Purpose Such As Growing Plants.

 3   A Channel Used To Convey A Liquid.
	 Eg.  "A Thirty-Yard Trough"
	 Synonyms:  channel , conduit , trench , ditch , gully , 

 4   A Long Hollow In The Earth'S Surface.
	 Eg.  "A Vast Glacial Trough"

 5   A Hollow Between Two Wave Crests In The Sea.

 6   An Elongated Region Of Low Barometric Pressure.

 7   A Point Of Low Activity Or Achievement.
	 Eg.  "Seasonal Peaks And Troughs In The Demand For Goods And Services"

 8   A Region Around The Minimum On A Curve Of Variation Of A Quantity.

 9   Eat Greedily.
